c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\ApressDemo.exe
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\ApressDemo.pdb
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\ApressDemo.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.g.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\GroupedItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\GroupDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\ItemDetailPage.xaml
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\ApressDemo.exe
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\ApressDemo.pdb
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\FlipViewDemo.g.i.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\FlipViewDemo.g.cs
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\FlipViewDemo.xaml
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\MigratingToWP.png
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\WPAppDev.png
c:\users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\WPRecipes.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ListViewDemo.g.i.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ListViewDemo.g.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ListViewDemo.xaml
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\DummySplashScreen.g.i.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\DummySplashScreen.g.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\DummySplashScreen.xaml
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\ApressLogo.PNG
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\ApressLogoWide.PNG
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\ASPWebAPI.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\AzurePlatform.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\Logo.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\SmallLogo.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\SQLAzure.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\StoreLogo.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\LightGray.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\MediumGray.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\DarkGray.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\UltraFastASP.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\FeaturedBookList.g.i.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\FeaturedBookList.g.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\FeaturedBookList.xaml
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\WindowsAzureLogo.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\WindowsPhoneLogo.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\bin\Debug\Assets\ASPDotNetLogo.png
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\BookGroupsByTechnology.g.i.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\BookGroupsByTechnology.g.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\BookGroupsByTechnology.xaml
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\BookDetails.g.i.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\BookDetails.g.cs
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\Views\BookDetails.xaml
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\aapelpro\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApressDemo\ApressDemo\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
